MEETING
MEETING WILL
MEETING WILL BEGIN
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY SO
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY SO THEY'RE
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY SO THEY'RE NOT
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY SO THEY'RE NOT SEEING
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY SO THEY'RE NOT SEEING OR
MEETING WILL BEGIN MOMENTARILY SO THEY'RE NOT SEEING OR HEARING
SO THEY'RE NOT SEEING OR HEARING
SO THEY'RE NOT SEEING OR HEARING YOU.
YOU.
YOU. >>
YOU. >> Mayor
YOU. >> Mayor Woodards:
YOU. >> Mayor Woodards: OKAY.
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY.
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY. >>
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY. >> OH,
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY. >> OH, MY
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY. >> OH, MY GOD
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY. >> OH, MY GOD HE'S
>> Mayor Woodards: OKAY. >> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE!
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE!
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE! >>
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE! >> Mayor
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE! >> Mayor Woodards:
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE! >> Mayor Woodards: ALL
>> OH, MY GOD HE'S HERE! >> Mayor Woodards: ALL RIGHT.
>> Mayor Woodards: ALL RIGHT.
>> Mayor Woodards: ALL RIGHT. WE
>> Mayor Woodards: ALL RIGHT. WE WILL
>> Mayor Woodards: ALL RIGHT. WE WILL GO
[GAVEL]
[GAVEL] >>
[GAVEL] >> Mayor
[GAVEL] >> Mayor Woodards:
[GAVEL] >> Mayor Woodards: I
[GAVEL] >> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD
[GAVEL] >> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE TO
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE TO CALL
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE TO CALL TO
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE TO CALL TO ORDER
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE TO CALL TO ORDER THE
>> Mayor Woodards: I WOULD LIKE TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY
TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY
TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY COUNCIL
TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY COUNCIL STUDY
TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY COUNCIL STUDY SESSION
TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY COUNCIL STUDY SESSION OF
TO CALL TO ORDER THE CITY COUNCIL STUDY SESSION OF MARCH
COUNCIL STUDY SESSION OF MARCH
COUNCIL STUDY SESSION OF MARCH 1ST,
COUNCIL STUDY SESSION OF MARCH 1ST, 2022.
1ST, 2022.
1ST, 2022. CLERK,
1ST, 2022. CLERK, WILL
1ST, 2022. CLERK, WILL YOU
1ST, 2022. CLERK, WILL YOU PLEASE
1ST, 2022. CLERK, WILL YOU PLEASE CALL
1ST, 2022. CLERK, WILL YOU PLEASE CALL THE
CLERK, WILL YOU PLEASE CALL THE
CLERK, WILL YOU PLEASE CALL THE ROLL.
ROLL.
ROLL. >>
ROLL. >> Clerk:
ROLL. >> Clerk: COUNCIL
ROLL. >> Clerk: COUNCIL MEMBER
>> Clerk: COUNCIL MEMBER
>> Clerk: COUNCIL MEMBER BLOCKER.
BLOCKER.
BLOCKER. >>
BLOCKER. >> HERE.
>> HERE.
>> HERE. >>
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER BUSHNELL.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER BUSHNELL.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER BUSHNELL. >>
>> COUNCIL MEMBER BUSHNELL. >> PRESENT.
>> PRESENT.
>> PRESENT. >>
>> PRESENT. >> COUNCIL
>> PRESENT. >> COUNCIL MEMBER
>> PRESENT. >> COUNCIL MEMBER DANIELS.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER DANIELS.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER DANIELS. EXCUSED.
EXCUSED.
EXCUSED. COUNCIL
EXCUSED. COUNCIL MEMBER
EXCUSED. COUNCIL MEMBER HINES.
COUNCIL MEMBER HINES.
COUNCIL MEMBER HINES. >>
COUNCIL MEMBER HINES. >> HERE.
>> HERE.
>> HERE. >>
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER MCCARTHY.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER MCCARTHY.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER MCCARTHY. >>
>> COUNCIL MEMBER MCCARTHY. >> HERE.
>> HERE.
>> HERE. >>
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER RUMBAUGH
>> COUNCIL MEMBER RUMBAUGH
>> COUNCIL MEMBER RUMBAUGH ABSENT.
ABSENT.
ABSENT. DEPUTY
ABSENT. DEPUTY MAYOR
ABSENT. DEPUTY MAYOR USHKA.
DEPUTY MAYOR USHKA.
DEPUTY MAYOR USHKA. >>
DEPUTY MAYOR USHKA. >> HERE.
>> HERE.
>> HERE. >>
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER
>> HERE. >> COUNCIL MEMBER WALKER.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER WALKER.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER WALKER. >>
>> COUNCIL MEMBER WALKER. >> HERE.
>> HERE.
>> HERE. >>
>> HERE. >> AND
>> HERE. >> AND MAYOR
>> HERE. >> AND MAYOR WOODARDS.
>> AND MAYOR WOODARDS.
>> AND MAYOR WOODARDS. >>
>> AND MAYOR WOODARDS. >> Mayor
>> AND MAYOR WOODARDS. >> Mayor Woodards:
>> AND MAYOR WOODARDS. >> Mayor Woodards: HERE.
>> Mayor Woodards: HERE.
>> Mayor Woodards: HERE. CLRK
>> Mayor Woodards: HERE. CLRK COMPLERNLINGS
>> Mayor Woodards: HERE. CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND
>> Mayor Woodards: HERE. CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR,
CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR,
CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR, THE
CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR, THE STUDY
CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR, THE STUDY SESSION
CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR, THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS
CLRK COMPLERNLINGS AND MAYOR, THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO YOU
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO YOU AT
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO YOU AT #
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO YOU AT # 1:02
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO YOU AT # 1:02 A.M.
THE STUDY SESSION MATERIALS WERE SENT TO YOU AT # 1:02 A.M. THIS
SENT TO YOU AT # 1:02 A.M. THIS
SENT TO YOU AT # 1:02 A.M. THIS MORNING.
MORNING.
MORNING. >>
MORNING. >> GREAT,
MORNING. >> GREAT, THANK
MORNING. >> GREAT, THANK YOU
MORNING. >> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY
MORNING. >> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WHAT
>> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WHAT A
>> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WHAT A DIFFERENCE
>> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO
>> GREAT, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES AS
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES AS WE
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES AS WE SIT
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES AS WE SIT HERE
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN
WHAT A DIFFERENCE TWO YEARS MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE
MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE
MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE CHAMBERS
MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE CHAMBERS FOR
MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE CHAMBERS FOR THE
MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST
MAKES AS WE SIT HERE IN THE CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST TIME
CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST TIME
CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE
CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE MARCH
CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE MARCH 25TH,
CHAMBERS FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020.
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020.
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE HAD
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE HAD A
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE HAD A FEW
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE HAD A FEW STUDY
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS
SINCE MARCH 25TH, 020. WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON IN
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON IN ROOM
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON IN ROOM 16,
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS
WE HAD A FEW STUDY SESSIONS IN PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE FIRST
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE FIRST TIME BACK
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE FIRST TIME BACK IN
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE FIRST TIME BACK IN THE
PERSON IN ROOM 16, THIS IS THE FIRST TIME BACK IN THE CHAMBERS
FIRST TIME BACK IN THE CHAMBERS
FIRST TIME BACK IN THE CHAMBERS AS
FIRST TIME BACK IN THE CHAMBERS AS A
FIRST TIME BACK IN THE CHAMBERS AS A COUNCIL.
AS A COUNCIL.
AS A COUNCIL. AND
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT IS
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT IS REALLY
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT IS REALLY GOOD
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE
AS A COUNCIL. AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE YOU
AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE YOU
AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE YOU ALL
AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE YOU ALL FACE-TO-FACE
AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE YOU ALL FACE-TO-FACE SITTING
AND IT IS REALLY GOOD TO SEE YOU ALL FACE-TO-FACE SITTING ACROSS
ALL FACE-TO-FACE SITTING ACROSS
ALL FACE-TO-FACE SITTING ACROSS THIS
ALL FACE-TO-FACE SITTING ACROSS THIS DAIS.
THIS DAIS.
THIS DAIS. WE
THIS DAIS. WE HAVE
THIS DAIS. WE HAVE THREE
THIS DAIS. WE HAVE THREE AGENDA
THIS DAIS. WE HAVE THREE AGENDA ITEMS
WE HAVE THREE AGENDA ITEMS
WE HAVE THREE AGENDA ITEMS TODAY.
TODAY.
TODAY. WE'LL
TODAY. WE'LL MOVE
TODAY. WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY.
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY.
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR FIRST
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR FIRST AGENDA
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A
WE'LL MOVE QUICKLY. OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A SOWNS
OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A SOWNS
OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A SOWNS TRANCE
OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A SOWNS TRANCE I
OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A SOWNS TRANCE I HAD
OUR FIRST AGENDA ITEM IS A SOWNS TRANCE I HAD UPDATE.
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE.
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE. WE'LL
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE. WE'LL HAVE
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE. WE'LL HAVE AN
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE. WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE. WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE ON
TRANCE I HAD UPDATE. WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE ON KEY
WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE ON KEY
WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE ON KEY REGIONAL
WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE ON KEY REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION
WE'LL HAVE AN UPDATE ON KEY REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS
REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS
REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS INCLUDING
REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS INCLUDING THE
REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS INCLUDING THE HILLTOP
REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS INCLUDING THE HILLTOP LINK
INCLUDING THE HILLTOP LINK
INCLUDING THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION,
INCLUDING THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION, TACOMA
INCLUDING THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME
INCLUDING THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME LINK
EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME LINK
EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME LINK EXTENSION
EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME LINK EXTENSION AND
EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME LINK EXTENSION AND THE
EXTENSION, TACOMA DOME LINK EXTENSION AND THE SOUNDER
EXTENSION AND THE SOUNDER
EXTENSION AND THE SOUNDER STATION
EXTENSION AND THE SOUNDER STATION ACCESS
EXTENSION AND THE SOUNDER STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT.
STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT.
STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT. I'LL
STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT. I'LL CALL
STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT. I'LL CALL ON
STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT. I'LL CALL ON PLANNING
STATION ACCESS IMPROVEMENT. I'LL CALL ON PLANNING AND
I'LL CALL ON PLANNING AND
I'LL CALL ON PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT
I'LL CALL ON PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT SERVICES
I'LL CALL ON PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION MANAGER
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION MANAGER BRIAN
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION MANAGER BRIAN BOUDET
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION MANAGER BRIAN BOUDET TO
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES DIVISION MANAGER BRIAN BOUDET TO BEGIN
MANAGER BRIAN BOUDET TO BEGIN
MANAGER BRIAN BOUDET TO BEGIN THE
MANAGER BRIAN BOUDET TO BEGIN THE PRESENTATION.
THE PRESENTATION.
THE PRESENTATION. >>
THE PRESENTATION. >> THANK
THE PRESENTATION. >> THANK YOU
THE PRESENTATION. >> THANK YOU SO
THE PRESENTATION. >> THANK YOU SO MUCH
THE PRESENTATION. >> THANK YOU SO MUCH MAYOR,
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH MAYOR,
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH MAYOR, DEPUTY
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH MAYOR, DEPUTY MAYOR
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH MAYOR, DEPUTY MAYOR AND
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH MAYOR, DEPUTY MAYOR AND COUNCIL
DEPUTY MAYOR AND COUNCIL
DEPUTY MAYOR AND COUNCIL MEMBERS.
MEMBERS.
MEMBERS. I'M
MEMBERS. I'M BRIAN
MEMBERS. I'M BRIAN BOUDET
MEMBERS. I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND
MEMBERS. I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S
MEMBERS. I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT PLEASURE
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT PLEASURE TO
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT PLEASURE TO BE
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR
I'M BRIAN BOUDET AND IT'S A GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A CHECK-IN
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A CHECK-IN WITH
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A CHECK-IN WITH ALL
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE
GREAT PLEASURE TO BE HERE FOR A CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU
CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU
CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU FOR
CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU FOR THE
CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU FOR THE PROGRESS
CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU FOR THE PROGRESS ON
CHECK-IN WITH ALL CAN HAVE YOU FOR THE PROGRESS ON SOUND
FOR THE PROGRESS ON SOUND
FOR THE PROGRESS ON SOUND TRANSIT,
FOR THE PROGRESS ON SOUND TRANSIT, OUR
FOR THE PROGRESS ON SOUND TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL
FOR THE PROGRESS ON SOUND TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL TRANSIT
TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL TRANSIT
TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL TRANSIT PARTNER
TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL TRANSIT PARTNER ON
TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL TRANSIT PARTNER ON THE
TRANSIT, OUR REGIONAL TRANSIT PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS HAPPENING
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS HAPPENING IN
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS HAPPENING IN THE
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS HAPPENING IN THE CITY
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF
PARTNER ON THE PROJECTS HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA.
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA.
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE WERE
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE WERE HERE
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE WERE HERE A
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE WERE HERE A LITTLE
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS
HAPPENING IN THE CITY OF TACOMA. WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR AGO
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR AGO FOR
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR AGO FOR THE
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST
WE WERE HERE A LITTLE LESS THAN A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE AND
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE AND AS
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE AND AS SOUND
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE AND AS SOUND TRANSIT
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS
A YEAR AGO FOR THE LAST UPDATE AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50 MRS.
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50 MRS. YEAR
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50 MRS. YEAR ONCE
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A
AND AS SOUND TRANSIT IS MAKING 50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN
50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN
50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN RAITION
50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN RAITION TYPE
50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN RAITION TYPE OF
50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS
50 MRS. YEAR ONCE IN A JEAN RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN
RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN
RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN OUR
RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN OUR COMMUNITY
RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN OUR COMMUNITY AND
RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN OUR COMMUNITY AND THE
RAITION TYPE OF INVESTMENTS IN OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION,
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION,
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION, THIS
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION, THIS IS
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION, THIS IS REALLY
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION, THIS IS REALLY A
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION, THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL
OUR COMMUNITY AND THE REGION, THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL THING
THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL THING
THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL THING THAT
THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL THING THAT WILL
THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL THING THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY
THIS IS REALLY A POWERFUL THING THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR CITY
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR CITY HOW
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR CITY HOW IT
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO
THAT WILL DRAMATICALLY AFFECT OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE REGION
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE REGION SO
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE REGION SO IMPORTANT
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE REGION SO IMPORTANT TO
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE
OUR CITY HOW IT CONNECTS TO THE REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE WE
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE WE KEEP
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE WE KEEP IN
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE WE KEEP IN CLOSE
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT
REGION SO IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH
WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH
WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH THE
WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH THE COUNCIL
WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH THE COUNCIL ON
WE KEEP IN CLOSE CONTACT WITH THE COUNCIL ON THIS.
THE COUNCIL ON THIS.
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I WILL
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I WILL MAKE
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I WILL MAKE NOTE
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN
THE COUNCIL ON THIS. I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE WEEKLY
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE WEEKLY PACKET,
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE WEEKLY PACKET, WE
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE
I WILL MAKE NOTE THAT IN THE WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A COPY
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A COPY OF
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A COPY OF THE
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A COPY OF THE ANNUAL
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT
WEEKLY PACKET, WE DID PROVIDE A COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT
COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT
COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT SOUND
COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT SOUND TRANSIT
COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT SOUND TRANSIT PUTS
COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT
COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT THAT SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH GIVES
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH GIVES AN
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH GIVES AN UPDATE
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH GIVES AN UPDATE ON
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH GIVES AN UPDATE ON THE
SOUND TRANSIT PUTS OUT WHICH GIVES AN UPDATE ON THE ENTIRE
GIVES AN UPDATE ON THE ENTIRE
GIVES AN UPDATE ON THE ENTIRE REGION'S
GIVES AN UPDATE ON THE ENTIRE REGION'S SYSTEM
GIVES AN UPDATE ON THE ENTIRE REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE.
REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE.
REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE. MAYOR,
REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE. MAYOR, AS
REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE. MAYOR, AS YOU
REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE. MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED,
REGION'S SYSTEM UPDATE. MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY HERE
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY HERE TO
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY HERE TO KEY
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY HERE TO KEY IN
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY HERE TO KEY IN ON
MAYOR, AS YOU MENTIONED, WE'RE REALLY HERE TO KEY IN ON THREE
REALLY HERE TO KEY IN ON THREE
REALLY HERE TO KEY IN ON THREE SIGNIFICANT
REALLY HERE TO KEY IN ON THREE SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS
REALLY HERE TO KEY IN ON THREE SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING RIGHT
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING RIGHT HERE
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING RIGHT HERE IN
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING RIGHT HERE IN THE
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY
SIGNIFICANT PROJECTS HAPPENING RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY OF
RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY OF
RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY OF TACOMA,
RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY OF TACOMA, THE
RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY OF TACOMA, THE HILLTOP
RIGHT HERE IN THE CITY OF TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK
TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK
TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION
TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION PROJECT,
TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION PROJECT, THE
TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA
TACOMA, THE HILLTOP LINK EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O
EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O
EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O DOME
EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O DOME LINK
EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O DOME LINK EXTENSION
EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS
EXTENSION PROJECT, THE TACOMA O DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND
DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND
DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND THE
DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND THE SOUTH
DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND THE SOUTH TACOMA
DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND THE SOUTH TACOMA SOUNDER
DOME LINK EXTENSION PROJECTS AND THE SOUTH TACOMA SOUNDER ACCESS
THE SOUTH TACOMA SOUNDER ACCESS
THE SOUTH TACOMA SOUNDER ACCESS IMPROVEMENTS.
IMPROVEMENTS.
IMPROVEMENTS. THESE
IMPROVEMENTS. THESE ARE
IMPROVEMENTS. THESE ARE ALL
IMPROVEMENTS. THESE ARE ALL THINGS
IMPROVEMENTS. THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT
IMPROVEMENTS. THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I PRIORITIES
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I PRIORITIES THAT
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I PRIORITIES THAT YOU
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A
THESE ARE ALL THINGS THAT I PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL
PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL
PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL HAVE
PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL HAVE OUTLINED
PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL HAVE OUTLINED HE
PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH
PRIORITIES THAT YOU AS A COUNCIL HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL
HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL
HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL NATURE
HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL NATURE OF
HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL NATURE OF THE
HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL NATURE OF THE REGIONAL
HAVE OUTLINED HE BOTH CRITICAL NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN THE
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN THE CITY
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN THE CITY AND
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST
NATURE OF THE REGIONAL LINKS BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE PUGET
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE PUGET SOUND
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE PUGET SOUND AREA
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL
BETWEEN THE CITY AND THE REST OF THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL AS
THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL AS
THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL AS THE
THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL AS THE INTERNAL
THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL AS THE INTERNAL LINKS,
THE PUGET SOUND AREA AS WELL AS THE INTERNAL LINKS, THE
THE INTERNAL LINKS, THE
THE INTERNAL LINKS, THE CONNECTIONS
THE INTERNAL LINKS, THE CONNECTIONS TO
THE INTERNAL LINKS, THE CONNECTIONS TO OUR
CONNECTIONS TO OUR
CONNECTIONS TO OUR NEIGHBORHOODS,
CONNECTIONS TO OUR NEIGHBORHOODS, THE
CONNECTIONS TO OUR NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS
NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS
NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS TO
NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS TO LOCAL
NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS TO LOCAL TRANSIT
NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND
NEIGHBORHOODS, THE CONNECTIONS TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS.
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS.
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS. I'M
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS. I'M EXCITED
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS. I'M EXCITED TO
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS. I'M EXCITED TO SEE
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS. I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS
TO LOCAL TRANSIT AND THINGS. I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND HAVE
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND HAVE YOU
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND HAVE YOU HEAR
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS
I'M EXCITED TO SEE THIS UPDATE AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING OON
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING OON AT
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING OON AT SOUND
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING OON AT SOUND TRANSIT
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND
AND HAVE YOU HEAR WHAT IS GOING OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND THE
OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND THE
OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND THE EXCITING
OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND THE EXCITING INVESTMENTS
OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND THE EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT
OON AT SOUND TRANSIT AND THE EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD UP
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD UP THAT
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD UP THAT YOU'LL
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD UP THAT YOU'LL SEE
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD UP THAT YOU'LL SEE --
EXCITING INVESTMENTS GECT KEUD UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING QUEUED
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING QUEUED UP
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING QUEUED UP IN
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING QUEUED UP IN THE
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR
UP THAT YOU'LL SEE -- GETTING QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE.
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE.
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH THAT,
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH THAT, I'M
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH THAT, I'M GOING
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN
QUEUED UP IN THE NEAR FUTURE. WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT OVER
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT OVER TO
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT OVER TO THE
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT OVER TO THE SOUND
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT OVER TO THE SOUND TRANSIT
WITH THAT, I'M GOING TO TURN IT OVER TO THE SOUND TRANSIT TEAM
OVER TO THE SOUND TRANSIT TEAM
OVER TO THE SOUND TRANSIT TEAM AND
OVER TO THE SOUND TRANSIT TEAM AND FOIRS